hey how's one everyone my name is Ryan
with e3 coming up very very soon I want
to be talking once again about III and
more specifically black ops 3 now in
this video I'll be talking about what we
can see in terms of ps4 or Xbox one
exclusive dlc for black ops 3 or even if
there is a possibility of an equal
playing field for both consoles this
year black ops 3 anyways guys leave a
like you enjoy the video leave a comment
with your feedback and please make sure
to subscribe for more daily zombies
videos once black ops 3 zombies comes
out those guys lets it started so first
of all guys I want to say a rumor has it
is that xbox one will not be getting the
exclusive dlc rights for black ops 3
which we have had for many many years
price since I think world of war now
while this may be surprising to some
people it does make a lot of sense in
terms of how many people are actually
playing on the xbox one as compared to
the ps4 I would like to say quickly
though that also has been rumored that
black ops tree will be playing on the
ps4 at e3 there's no nothing confirmed
here but we're just kind of a online
website i found i'll put a link to that
in the description below if you guys
hear any you know car engines the races
are going on right next to my house so
sorry about that but um that's the
person guys that it's rumored to have
black ops 3 being played on the ps4 also
more ps4s have been sold since new than
Xbox one's have and that also leads me
to believe that they are going to want
to market you know black ops 3 to the
bigger population now even though I'm
going to say it's say this and it's very
very biased because I do own an xbox I
think that it is kind of bullshit but
they're finally switching it over on
xbox has had it for so long and I've
only never complained about it because I
do have the xbox and I make youtube
videos so it does you know benefit me
that xbox does get it first but I've
always thought it was bullshit how one
console can basically you know or one
company can pay Activision which is
making a video game they can pay them
for exclusive rights I've never really
thought that was fair the game is being
sold for the same price to ps4 xbox one
and pc users so everyone should get the
same amount of gameplay at the same time
I may just be saying that because I
might be kind of pissed off that is
going to ps4 first if that is true um
you know I know I would be you know I'm
not going to buy a ps4 display
game but it is very disappointing
because I've been waiting a long time
for zombies and if I have to wait a
month for you know the DLC on the Xbox
that's to be really really devastating
so I really do think that the best bet
would be to do the equality for both
consoles let both consoles get the DLC
at the same time you know every night
bad guys I know it's been very very
biased in the past and I'm Roy dis I'm
really starting to hate that now think
about it it was kind of bullshit I just
don't see how you know ps3 can pay you
know sixty dollars for the game then
plus the 50 our season pass and get the
game a month early in everyone seem fair
but i would have complained because i
was you know on the beneficial side of
that but i would like to see the quality
of the game come out for ps4 and xbox
one I can't say the same thing about the
xbox 360 and the ps3 there the last gen
consoles 9 t-shirt they'll be game dlc
so anyways guys I'm very very excited
for black ops 3 I have to work 8-2 for
every day so I will not be able to watch
it live I really don't think we'll see
anything for zombies I think we'll just
be multiplayer campaign only and a lot
of bigger youtubers are going to e3 so
let me write winning out how cool they
are and how much free gameplay they have
but that way doesn't excite me I want to
see some zombie stuff I've been this
community long enough I've been waiting
long enough for this next time these
games so I was guys leave a like you
enjoyed today's video leave a comment
saying vistaprint if you're just
watching the veal and please make sure
to subscribe for more daily call videos
thank you for watching my name is ryan
and i'm out peace